# The Apps (Coming Soon)

Right now, you're reading Burrow through the HTTPS gateway — the server wraps your text in minimal HTML and serves it to your browser. It looks great. It works in every browser. It's fast.

But it's not the real experience.

---

The desktop client.

Built with Tauri — Rust backend, web frontend, under 8 MB total. For comparison, Slack is 300 MB and it just shows you messages.

The client speaks gph:// natively. No HTML wrapping. No browser overhead. Just the protocol, the renderer, and your keyboard.

Navigation is keyboard-first:

  Space        Scroll down
  Shift+Space  Scroll up
  Esc          Go up one directory
  Enter        Follow link
  b            Toggle bookmarks panel
  s            Open search
  /            Quick-navigate (type a path)
  [ / ]        Previous / next item in directory
  g            Go to address

Mouse and touch work fine. But the keyboard shortcuts make Burrow feel like a power tool, not a consumption app.

The client includes a built-in editor. Deliberately minimal:

  Monospace font (JetBrains Mono)
  No formatting toolbar
  No preview pane — what you write is what gets published
  Character count in the corner
  Auto-save every 30 seconds
  Cmd+Enter to publish

The editor has one power feature: link completion. Type /~ or → and it suggests from your bookmarks and recent visits. Cross-linking between burrows becomes effortless.

---

The mobile app.

iOS and Android. Reader-first. No publishing from mobile.

This is a design statement: we don't want you micro-blogging from the toilet. Write something that's worth writing. Sit down. Think about it. Use a keyboard. Publishing is a deliberate act.

Mobile is for reading, bookmarking, and discovering. The app is fast, offline-capable, and treats your phone as what it should be: a reading device, not a content extraction machine.

---

There is no web app.

The HTTPS gateway is read-only. If you want to participate — publish, bookmark, join rings — you use the native client or the CLI. This is intentional friction. It filters for people who care enough to install something.

The web showed us what happens when publishing has zero friction: you get a billion posts a day and most of them are noise. Burrow's mild friction is a quality filter. Not a gate — anyone can install the client. But a speed bump that says: are you sure you have something to say?

---

The CLI.

For people who think graphical interfaces are a crutch:

  burrow init my-burrow
  burrow new "Why I Left Medium"
  burrow push
  burrow search "rust async" --all
  burrow bookmark add /~maya/phlog/good-post

The CLI is already built and shipping. It's the power-user path. Everything the server does, the CLI controls.

---

/~burrow/concepts/09-federation   How servers talk to each other →
